See human life
abuse of privacy
I think you, the city lord, are really good and presumptuous
You little bodyguard
How dare you point fingers at the city lord
Boy what's your name
My Liao Fan
Miss Gao's bodyguard
You are young and inexperienced
How to understand madness
Remember to learn to be a man with your tail between your legs in your next life
There are taboos.
Touch and die
I do think
Are you really a good city lord?
Presumptuous, I think you are dying
You two went too far
There are strong people like Elder Yun Tao
Just to give you ten times the ability
Can't make any waves
City Lord
I still don't agree.
Your hasty judgment
Want to see evidence
This is the newly captured witness of Elder Yuntao
I'd like to see if you have anything else to say
I only recognize Gao Xiaoyun as Cao Lin's mistress
You and I don't know you at all
You are slandering me
slander
Last year, you lied about going on vacation to sleep with the old thief Cao Lin
Hmph, I did it with you myself
False record
How have you been?
What else is there to say?
I don't even know you.
Who asked you to frame me?
Framed, it's a fact
Gao Xiaoyun
Your bottom line has been wiped clean
What else is there to deny?
What kind of evidence is this?
I don't even know this guy.
I didn't cross the house at all last year
You are slandering
You two commit perjury, but think of a price
Hahaha
price
This city lord will use your heads as the price today
Oh.